25 may 2017 

Frontend Engineer $18k - 42k
Creditas

    Itaim Bibi, Brazil 

ember.js javascript tdd
Frontend Engineer $18k - 42k
Creditas
Apply now
Permanent Mid-Level, Senior, Lead Full Stack Developer, Frontend Developer Financial Services, Financial Technology
Job Description

Creditas is a Technology company. Our Engineering team develops solutions to help consumers along the loan application process. You will have the opportunity to develop high quality code and to work in multi-disciplinary high-performance teams. 
Skills & Requirements

Front-end experience

    Experience with Ember.js or another single-page application framework
    Knowing how to implement tests in JS
    Semantic HTML
    Scalable and modular CSS architecture, knowing good patterns like SMACSS
    Modular Javascript development, with design patterns (for example: Mediator and Pubsub), with or without MV* frameworks
    DOM manipulation without having needs of libs such as jQuery or Zepto
    Knowledge of cross browsers problems and how to solve them
    Good practices in how to optimize web pages to make the user experience sweeter

About Creditas

Creditas is one of the hottest Fintech Startups in Brazil. Headquartered in São Paulo, Creditas is a digital lending platform on a mission to lower the interest rates for the Brazilian population. By offering secured loans, using cutting edge technology with data driven mindset, we are reinventing the credit experience in Brazil.

Creditas is backed by top VC funds: Redpoint eventures, Kaszek Ventures, Accion's Frontier Fund, QED Investors, World Bank's IFC and Naspers Fintech

Creditas was part of Google Launchpad Accelerator Class 2 (listed as BankFacil): https://developers.google.com/startups/accelerator/latam/

Get to know more about what drives us: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zN7wTpo2oUo

You will fit here...

    We value individual and team effort, we expect high performance of everyone in the team
    We have a relaxed and extremely productive environment
    We want to be happy at our work environment and also in our personal lives
    We want to grow both as individuals and as professionals
    We constantly share knowledge related and unrelated to our individual tasks
    We thrive for knowledge and we love to get out of our comfort zones
    We believe and contribute to the engineering community
    We celebrate every single victory
    We love what we do!

Joel Test score: 10 out of 12

The Joel Test is a twelve-question measure of the quality of a software team.

    Do you use source control?
    Can you make a build in one step?
    Do you make daily builds?
    Do you have a bug database?
NO  Do you fix bugs before writing new code?
NO  Do you have an up-to-date schedule?
    Do you have a spec?
    Do programmers have quiet working conditions?
    Do you use the best tools money can buy?
    Do you have testers?
    Do new candidates write code during their interview?
    Do you do hallway usability testing?
